README.md, before:

# mtm6302-capstone-alva0144

NASA API implementation:

For the implementation of the API I created a key in the https://api.nasa.gov/

- With this key I went to my javascript document and I created an event listener for the button that would generate the image. also, a declared a const for the date picker and assigned it to a value input in the html-

- After that, I linked the URL and created a fetch function to retrieve the data using get element by id to get the the different features I wanted to display in the console.

CHALLENGES:

I faced multiple challenges with the implementation of the design. trying to connect the generate button to another page was really hard and I had to change the design of the website to make it easier to code given the short time I had. The objective is to try to make a better development with more time availability.

When I was testing the images, I realized that some of them wouldn't load because there was video data as well, so I had to create a conditional for the video

Tutorial References:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5rjEW-_6po
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBTlPriUyWY&t=566s

Commit message:

creates if statement for playing videos

README.md, after:

# mtm6302-capstone-alva0144

NASA API implementation:

For the implementation of the API I created a key in the https://api.nasa.gov/

- With this key I went to my javascript document and I created an event listener for the button that would generate the image. also, a declared a const for the date picker and assigned it to a value input in the html-

- After that, I linked the URL and created a fetch function to retrieve the data using get element by id to get the the different features I wanted to display in the console.

CHALLENGES:

-I faced multiple challenges with the implementation of the design. trying to connect the generate button to another page was really hard and I had to change the design of the website to make it easier to code given the short time I had. The objective is to try to make a better development with more time availability.

-When I was testing the images, I realized that some of them wouldn't load because there was video data as well, so I had to create a conditional for the video using an if statement and creating an iframe for it to play in the console whenever the API result was a video.

Tutorial References:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5rjEW-_6po
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBTlPriUyWY&t=566s
